name dukede1
type text
subtype noskip
shadow 0
setlayer  9999999999999
lifespan 12
animationscript   data/scripts/lib001.c
load slow
load slow3
load staclrd1

anim idle
@script
    void vSelf = getlocalvar("self");
if(frame==1)
{
      fademusic(2, "data/music/duked1.ogg", 0, 0);
}@end_script
    loop 0
    custentity staclrd1
    spawnframe 4 256 232 0 1
    delay 3
    offset 277 320
@cmd spawnbind "zoomin" 0 0 -50
drawmethod alpha 1
    frame data/chars/0misc/bnw02.gif
drawmethod alpha 0
    frame data/chars/0misc/empty.gif
drawmethod alpha 1
    frame data/chars/0misc/bnw02.gif
drawmethod alpha 0
    frame data/chars/0misc/empty.gif
drawmethod alpha 1
    frame data/chars/0misc/bnw02.gif
drawmethod alpha 0
    frame data/chars/0misc/empty.gif
drawmethod alpha 1
    frame data/chars/0misc/bnw02.gif
drawmethod alpha 0
    frame data/chars/0misc/empty.gif
drawmethod alpha 1
    frame data/chars/0misc/bnw02.gif
drawmethod alpha 0
    frame data/chars/0misc/empty.gif
drawmethod alpha 1
    frame data/chars/0misc/bnw02.gif
drawmethod alpha 0
    frame data/chars/0misc/empty.gif
drawmethod alpha 1
    frame data/chars/0misc/bnw02.gif
drawmethod alpha 0
    frame data/chars/0misc/empty.gif
drawmethod alpha 1
    frame data/chars/0misc/bnw02.gif
drawmethod alpha 0
    frame data/chars/0misc/empty.gif
drawmethod alpha 1
    frame data/chars/0misc/bnw02.gif
drawmethod alpha 0
    frame data/chars/0misc/empty.gif
drawmethod alpha 1
    frame data/chars/0misc/bnw02.gif
drawmethod alpha 0
    frame data/chars/0misc/empty.gif
    offset 0 0
    delay 30
@cmd spawnbind "zoomout" 0 0 -50
@cmd spawn001 "slow" "slow" 0 0 0 0 0
@cmd spawn001 "slow3" "slow4" 0 0 0 0 0
    frame data/chars/0misc/empty.gif
    frame data/chars/0misc/empty.gif
