name    06ranzu1
health  0
type	npc
gfxshadow 1
candamage enemy
animationscript  data/scripts/lib001.c
ondrawscript	  data/scripts/shadowon.c

palette            data/chars/1seiran/alter01.gif    
alternatepal       data/chars/1seiran/alter02.gif  
alternatepal       data/chars/1seiran/alter03.gif    
alternatepal       data/chars/1seiran/alter04.gif   
alternatepal       data/chars/1seiran/alter05.gif   
alternatepal       data/chars/1seiran/alter06.gif  
alternatepal       data/chars/1seiran/alter07.gif    
alternatepal       data/chars/1seiran/alter08.gif   
alternatepal       data/chars/1seiran/alter09.gif  
alternatepal       data/chars/1seiran/alter10.gif  
alternatepal       data/chars/1seiran/alter11.gif    
alternatepal       data/chars/1seiran/alter12.gif   
alternatepal       data/chars/1seiran/alter13.gif
alternatepal       data/chars/1seiran/alter14.gif    
alternatepal       data/chars/1seiran/alter15.gif   
alternatepal       data/chars/1seiran/alter16.gif  
alternatepal       data/chars/1seiran/alter17.gif
alternatepal       data/chars/1seiran/alter18.gif    
alternatepal       data/chars/1seiran/alter19.gif   

anim spawn
	 loop       0
	 delay      2
	 offset     96 166
	 bbox       0
	 fastattack 1
	 drawmethod alpha 6
	 drawmethod channel 0.2
	 hitflash   Qflash2b
	 fastattack 1
	 hitfx      data/sounds/beat0.wav
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rb401.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.4
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rb401.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.6
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rb401.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.8
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rb401.gif
	 delay      5
	 drawmethod alpha off
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rb401.gif
@cmd shadow 10 25 60 0 2 200 200 200
@cmd velo001 1.1 0 0
	 delay      2
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/ra801.gif
	 attack26   84 129 45 13 0 0 1 0 7 5
	 forcedirection -1
	 dropv      1 0.5 0
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rjack01.gif
attack   0
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rjack02.gif
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rjack03.gif
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rjack04.gif

         frame      data/chars/1seiran/ra801.gif
	 attack90   84 129 45 13 0 0 1 0 7 5
	 forcedirection -1
	 dropv      1 0.5 0
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rjack01.gif
attack   0
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rjack02.gif
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rjack03.gif
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rjack04.gif

         frame      data/chars/1seiran/ra801.gif
	 attack91   84 129 45 13 0 0 1 0 7 5
	 forcedirection -1
	 dropv      1 0.5 0
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rjack01.gif
attack   0
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rjack02.gif
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rjack03.gif
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rjack04.gif

         frame      data/chars/1seiran/ra801.gif
	 attack90   84 129 45 13 0 0 1 0 7 5
	 forcedirection -1
	 dropv      1 0.5 0
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rjack01.gif
attack   0
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rjack02.gif
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rjack03.gif
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rjack04.gif

         frame      data/chars/1seiran/ra801.gif
	 attack91   84 129 45 13 0 0 1 0 7 5
	 forcedirection -1
	 dropv      1 0.5 0
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rjack01.gif
attack   0
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rjack02.gif
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rjack03.gif
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rjack04.gif

	 delay      2
@cmd velo001 0
	 drawmethod alpha 6
	 drawmethod channel 0.8
	 frame      data/chars/1seiran/rukyo09.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.6
	 frame      data/chars/1seiran/rukyo09.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.4
	 frame      data/chars/1seiran/rukyo09.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.2
	 frame      data/chars/1seiran/rukyo09.gif
@cmd killentity getlocalvar("self")
	 frame   data/chars/0misc/empty.gif


