name    07ranzu2
health  0
type	npc
gfxshadow 1
candamage enemy
animationscript  data/scripts/lib001.c
ondrawscript	  data/scripts/shadowon.c

palette            data/chars/1seiran/alter01.gif    
alternatepal       data/chars/1seiran/alter02.gif  
alternatepal       data/chars/1seiran/alter03.gif    
alternatepal       data/chars/1seiran/alter04.gif   
alternatepal       data/chars/1seiran/alter05.gif   
alternatepal       data/chars/1seiran/alter06.gif  
alternatepal       data/chars/1seiran/alter07.gif    
alternatepal       data/chars/1seiran/alter08.gif   
alternatepal       data/chars/1seiran/alter09.gif  
alternatepal       data/chars/1seiran/alter10.gif  
alternatepal       data/chars/1seiran/alter11.gif    
alternatepal       data/chars/1seiran/alter12.gif   
alternatepal       data/chars/1seiran/alter13.gif
alternatepal       data/chars/1seiran/alter14.gif    
alternatepal       data/chars/1seiran/alter15.gif   
alternatepal       data/chars/1seiran/alter16.gif  
alternatepal       data/chars/1seiran/alter17.gif
alternatepal       data/chars/1seiran/alter18.gif    
alternatepal       data/chars/1seiran/alter19.gif   

anim spawn
	 loop       0
	 delay      2
	 offset     96 166
	 bbox       0
	 fastattack 1
	 drawmethod alpha 6
	 drawmethod channel 0.2
	 hitflash   Qflash2
	 fastattack 1
	 jumpframe  42 3 0.2 0
	 landframe  58
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt01.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.4
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt01.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.6
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt01.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.8
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt01.gif
sound    data/chars/1seiran/muchin4.wav  #######################################
	 drawmethod alpha off
	 hitfx      data/sounds/beat0.wav
@cmd shadow 10 25 60 0 2 200 200 200
	 delay      2

attack3    98 118 32 13 0 0 1 0 7 5
	 forcedirection -1
	 dropv      1 0.5 0
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt01.gif
attack3  0
	 delay      1
	 drawmethod channel 0.8
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt01.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.6
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt01.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.4
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt01.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.2
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt01.gif


	 drawmethod channel 0.2
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt02.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.4
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt02.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.6
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt02.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.8
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt02.gif
	 drawmethod alpha off
	 delay      2
attack4    125 154 29 13 0 0 1 0 7 5
	 forcedirection -1
	 dropv      1 0.5 0
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt02.gif
attack4  0
	 delay      1
	 drawmethod channel 0.8
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt02.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.6
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt02.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.4
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt02.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.2
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt02.gif

	 drawmethod channel 0.2
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt03.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.4
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt03.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.6
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt03.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.8
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt03.gif
	 drawmethod alpha off
	 delay      2
attack3    98 122 31 10 0 0 1 0 7 5
	 forcedirection -1
	 dropv      1 0.5 0
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt03.gif
attack3  0
	 delay      1
	 drawmethod channel 0.8
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt03.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.6
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt03.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.4
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt03.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.2
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt03.gif

	 drawmethod channel 0.2
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt04.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.4
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt04.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.6
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt04.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.8
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt04.gif
	 drawmethod alpha off
	 delay      2
attack4    125 113 19 24 0 0 1 0 7 5
	 forcedirection -1
	 dropv      1 0.5 0
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt04.gif
attack4  0
	 delay      1
	 drawmethod channel 0.8
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt04.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.6
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt04.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.4
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt04.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.2
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt04.gif



	 delay      2
attack7    96 116 39 19 0 0 1 0 7 5
	 forcedirection -1
	 dropv      1 0.5 0
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt05.gif
attack7  0
	 delay      1
	 drawmethod channel 0.8
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt05.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.6
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt05.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.4
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt05.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.2
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt05.gif

delay    70
	 frame   data/chars/0misc/empty.gif
delay    1
	 drawmethod channel 0.2
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt06.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.4
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt06.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.6
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt06.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.8
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt06.gif
hitflash  Qflash2b
	 drawmethod alpha off
	 delay      2
attack99   100 101 26 35 25 1 1 0 7 5
	 forcedirection -1
	 dropv      5.4 0.2 0
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt07.gif
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt06.gif
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt07.gif
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt06.gif
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt07.gif
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt06.gif
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt07.gif
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt06.gif
attack91   0
	 delay      2
	 attack7    0
@cmd velo001 0
	 drawmethod alpha 6
	 drawmethod channel 0.8
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt07.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.6
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt06.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.4
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt07.gif
	 drawmethod channel 0.2
         frame      data/chars/1seiran/rtatt06.gif
@cmd killentity getlocalvar("self")
	 frame   data/chars/0misc/empty.gif


